Are you okay? I'm okay.
Mr. Ji
Although the gift given to you by the customer is broken.
Just broke an object
Mr. Ji, the value is not important
Mr. Ji, this is compassionate to employees, regardless of gains and losses
Self-cultivation is not an example
Are you okay?
Everyone is here to watch the fun
Mr. Ji
total season total season total
What's the matter just now, thank you for helping me out
You're welcome. I misunderstood you before.
Just return the favor, misunderstanding.
What a misunderstanding
It's just a misunderstanding at the hotel.
I was really drugged that night.
I will recognize you as Xiuyuan
But you and Xiuyuan really seem like
I can't tell the difference sometimes
Are you?
Gu Xiuyuan again
Su Ran, is this the only topic you have in front of me?
Su Ran, I'm not interested in knowing your past
We are just the superior and subordinate relationship of the company.
I'm not interested in your personal affairs
Well, I got it, Mr. Jie
You're right.
If you really practice far
How can you pretend you don't know me?
Why are you crazy?